README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

## Socials

<a href="https://www.github.com/shaialoni" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img
src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/shaialoni?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=0891b2&labelColor=1c1917" /></a><br>
<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/shaialoni" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.codewars.com/users/shaialoni/badges/large"></a>

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shaialoni&langs_count=8)](https://github.com/shaialoni/github-readme-stats)
<!-- [![My GitHub Language Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shaialoni&langs_count=5)]() -->
<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shaialoni)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=shaialoni&show_icons=true)  

<!--
**shaialoni/shaialoni** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Updated readme with languages / skills

README.md, after:

### Hello!

I am a career changer with 15 years of experience in managing complex operations and running my own business. Seeking a new career as a software developer, I am proficient in JavaScript, Python, React, RESTful APIs and more, with a talent for quickly learning new technologies. I am a software engineer with strong problem-solving skills, excellent work ethics, and dedication to my craft. Recently completing a full stack engineering program, I am confident in my ability to adapt to any project and believe that my skills and experience make me an asset to any organization.

## Languages / Skills
-Python
-JavaScript
-React
-MongoDB
-Express.JS
-Node.JS

## Socials

<a href="https://www.github.com/shaialoni" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img
src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/shaialoni?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=0891b2&labelColor=1c1917" /></a><br>
<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/shaialoni" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://www.codewars.com/users/shaialoni/badges/large"></a>

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shaialoni&langs_count=8)](https://github.com/shaialoni/github-readme-stats)
<!-- [![My GitHub Language Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shaialoni&langs_count=5)]() -->
<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shaialoni)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=shaialoni&show_icons=true)  

<!--
**shaialoni/shaialoni** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
